com/example/ocr_api_test/fragments/Fragment_DeleteFolder.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.fragments.Fragment_DeleteFolder
 com.example.ocr_api_test.fragments.Fragment_DeleteFolder$1
com/example/ocr_api_test/ShowKeywords.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.ShowKeywords
 com.example.ocr_api_test.ShowKeywords$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.ShowKeywords$2
 com.example.ocr_api_test.ShowKeywords$3
com/example/ocr_api_test/Pictures.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.Pictures
 com.example.ocr_api_test.Pictures$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.Pictures$2
 com.example.ocr_api_test.Pictures$DeletePictureAdapter
 com.example.ocr_api_test.Pictures$DeletePictureAdapter$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.Pictures$MediaFileAdapter
com/example/ocr_api_test/camera/ZoomLayout.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.ZoomLayout
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.ZoomLayout$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.ZoomLayout$Mode
com/example/ocr_api_test/folder/FolderImageAdapter.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.folder.FolderImageAdapter
 com.example.ocr_api_test.folder.FolderImageAdapter$1
com/example/ocr_api_test/DialogChoosefolder.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.DialogChoosefolder
 com.example.ocr_api_test.DialogChoosefolder$1
com/example/ocr_api_test/PackageManagerUtils.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.PackageManagerUtils
com/example/ocr_api_test/PermissionUtils.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.PermissionUtils
com/example/ocr_api_test/ShowInventors.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.ShowInventors
 com.example.ocr_api_test.ShowInventors$1
com/example/ocr_api_test/MediaScanner.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.MediaScanner
 com.example.ocr_api_test.MediaScanner$1
com/example/ocr_api_test/fragments/Fragment_Standard.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.fragments.Fragment_Standard
 com.example.ocr_api_test.fragments.Fragment_Standard$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.fragments.Fragment_Standard$2
 com.example.ocr_api_test.fragments.Fragment_Standard$2$1
com/example/ocr_api_test/OCR.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.OCR
 com.example.ocr_api_test.OCR$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.OCR$2
 com.example.ocr_api_test.OCR$2$1
com/example/ocr_api_test/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.BuildConfig
com/example/ocr_api_test/MainActivity.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.MainActivity
 com.example.ocr_api_test.MainActivity$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.MainActivity$2
com/example/ocr_api_test/StringManager.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.StringManager
com/example/ocr_api_test/db/DBHelper.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.db.DBHelper
com/example/ocr_api_test/Intro.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.Intro
 com.example.ocr_api_test.Intro$1
com/example/ocr_api_test/folder/FolderList.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.folder.FolderList
com/example/ocr_api_test/GridViewItem.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.GridViewItem
com/example/ocr_api_test/TutorialActivity.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.TutorialActivity
 com.example.ocr_api_test.TutorialActivity$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.TutorialActivity$2
 com.example.ocr_api_test.TutorialActivity$3
 com.example.ocr_api_test.TutorialActivity$PagerAdapter
com/example/ocr_api_test/camera/CameraActivity.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.CameraActivity
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.CameraActivity$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.CameraActivity$2
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.CameraActivity$ValueHandler
com/example/ocr_api_test/camera/Preview.java
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$1
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$10
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$11
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$2
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$3
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$4
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$5
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$6
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$7
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$8
 com.example.ocr_api_test.camera.Preview$9
